---
layout: day
title: Build your first webpage
date: May 29, 2015
week: 1
day: 04
---
[Day 0{{page.day}} : {{page.date}}]({{ site.url }}/week{{ page.week }}/0{{ page.day }}.html) Assignment

# {{page.title}}

## Description
Using what you learned in lecture and reading, make a 1-page HTML and CSS site about yourself. Have fun with it and use as many tags as you'd like from our [lecture links]({{ site.url }}/week{{ page.week }}/0{{ page.day }}.html), and any new ones you learn about in your reading.

Write at least two paragraphs about yourself and include information about your favorite food and music! After all, we are in the best city for both of those things!

## Objectives

### Learning Objectives

* Understand the relationship between HTML and CSS.
* Identity the differences between an element, an attribute, and properties.
* Understand the basic syntax of HTML and CSS,
* Understand how to successfully connect an HTML and CSS file together.
* Understand how to organize folders and archive them on a mac.

### Performance Objectives

After completing this assignment, you be able to effectively use

* Use Sublime to create an HTML and CSS file.
* Use basic functions for saving within a mac's finder.


## Details

### Deliverables
Students should save both the index.html and the main.css in the "day_04" folder with another folder called "styles1". Students should save the folder in their "iron_yard" folder.

### Requirements

* Students should submit the assignment to the instructor, by right-clicking the "day_04" folder and selecting "compress “day_04”" . This will zip the folder so it can be emailed to the instructor at sam@theironyard.com. Submit everything together for this weekend's assignments.

